But we can't do anything without seeing this
Yeah we can't
If it will keep this continue then it will take no time to reach at its original value
Things (IoT) using smartphones and Bluetooth Low Energy.
Yeah mate is called Nodl which is a wireless network connecting and securing the next trillion 
Developments in Russia's war with Ukraine: Russian troops dig trenches near Kyiv, US tries to draw Turkey into conflict
How about the  blockchain under this
Yes and that’s why doing a good research before investing is a good idea even though it’s not a guarantee. Let’s all be optimistic at this point
Its used its own Chain lotus Chain
As you know market is currently showing stability...
Oh what a coincidence, a friend of mine introduced me to this project and I have been researching on it for some time now. It really looks nice and promising too.
And may be in near future.all world will be accept crypto
How stable
Yeah imagine being able to build a Decentralized data network providing Connectivity and processing Micro payment for internet of things.
It is interesting thing that many countries still working on crypto
Were you able to find any information about the Project NODL?
Yah I think so bcz it's not on peak value those who invest in peak days
Yes. I learnt that the Nodle Network is a distributed network that provides delay-tolerant connectivity and services for IoT devices.
And what you think about new investors
Maybe or maybe not it Depends on next days of market that it will rise or not.
Yeah and for the fact that it already leverages on the already existing smartphone infrastructure to provide coverage and services. But i didn't really catch what services we could be providing Rosyz! I need more insight on that.
But there is no right predictions about next move of market
You’re so sexy! You’ve made a fire in my pants. Find me here
Because keep in mind both options of loss and profit
Hello everyone, I am very happy to share the knowledge of virtual currency with you.
Yes that’s true but we still Have to try
As long as we keep each other in our hearts, our love will never be separated. "
That's definitely why I am putting all my research techniques to explore 
That’s a really good feature to explore. I got to understand that IoT Devices or Targets are any devices that can be connected 
If confused in anyway, you can check on the project official Twitter handle for more elaboration of details
But is NODL going to provide Devices that can be connected to the Network Contributors. Or we're using our mobile Devices?
I am doing just that Buddy. 
I love how enthusiastic and detailed you've been exploring the NODL to me. Shows how folks are buzzing about the project
ts going to be working on any device(s)             that can be connected to the Nodle Network through the resources available on the Contributors
So what Operating will the the NODL Protocol be launched on cos any Cash back System or ecosystem like most likely have it's chain or consensus.
I personally think this project would exceed its profit expectations really soon. 
Born to the sun, hello everyone
But it does collect my Current location right then. 
Then again what Currency will users be paid in
Coins were at it's peak...and we have enjoyed alot
When it will be at peak ,all investors will get too much profit
Yah ecaxtly bro why not we are waiting for that time
Exactly infact all investors are waiting for that time from many days
Yes but unfortunately their waiting is not being fruitful for them
Only October and November were good with respect to market
No doubt these were remarkable days
Ecaxtly bro we really enjoyed that day and get good profit from market
No doubt everyone enjoyed those days with great values
I hope my insignificant greetings can drive away the fatigue of your week! Have a great weekend
ParaState is a Multi-chain ecosystem bridging application and developers between etheruem, polkadot and Substrate.
Matter is just raising how much time it takes not matter
No one is sure about
Bitcoin next move
Nope I haven't what about you
That's great it's mean In the current time you are in profit
Yeah bro currently iam in profit but profit is not too much
Don't worry hold as  much as you can it will be bullish
Yeah bro iam also holding my coin let's see when these coin will give some fruitful profit
What coins have you holding
Currently i have matic ada and thinking to add trx
Bro currently getting little bit profit because my entry at good time
That’s good, wait for some time and you will earn more Inshaa Allah
Are you kidding 😂? Why will you add trx? I prefer to hold usdt compared to that stable coin
Network contributors would be rewarded in the NODL cash for their participation in the Nodle Network through a proof-of-connectivity algorithm
Do you think the NODL Protocol will get that wide acceptance?
Why not? the project is a promising one oweing to the fact that it’s team is an innovative one working hard and tirelessly to keep the project moving and progressive too
Have you been following the team seem you know them pretty well?
Yes I have and I know they would push the project to do well.
NODLE CHAIN! That's quite new. Which Algorithm will they be operating on PoS, Pow?
Yeah! Interesting Also ☺️
You have some really impressive answer to these questions
Dropping last question for this segment
How can we get more event information or function introduction from Bitget?  Any bonus for our new users today?
Thank you for asking
For more event information and function introduction
We have daily event with rewards and investment trending and many other benefits
New registration who complete following four steps will get our Token.
Thanks For Answering All Of My Questions!
And That's For Our Introductory Segment
Thanks For Answering All Of My Questions
Thank you for ur questions!
U can always find the suitable trading in bitget
I am not sure about that
No matter u are expecting for immediate benefits or long-term
Well let's hope for the best. I'm tired of seeing this shiity PF of mine 🙂
I'm currently pumped about the Ethereum merge I feel it's going to do projects on the chain well.
Ya exactly
I will suggest you some projects
I don’t know for sure but that’s what the crypto space is all about I know it would get better soon. We all have to be optimistic at this point
What do you think of the recent market volatility
Maybe they'll probably look for alternative earning means which seems to be scarce
Optimism is our surest bet at this point. I have just not been actively investing since this dip but we hope for the best
It is a blockchain project a very good one
Yes that’s what I have been doing for sometime now and I think it has really been helping me since then. Do you have any of such projects in mind?
Ftm is good coin, I also invest in this and holding it yet
Oh can you share more about this project?
Not some financial advice or something but I really started making some research about utility projects that can give Passive income as we wait for bullrun then I bumped into one on Twitter and folks were talking about it.
Oh really? What is the project name and what is it all about? Maybe I would be interested
Because at the present conditions of market mostly investors are only facing loss
Yeah mate.But we can't do anything without seeing this
Yeah we can't
If it will keep this continue then it will take no time to reach at its original value
Things (IoT) using smartphones and Bluetooth Low Energy.
Yeah mate is called Nodl which is a wireless network connecting and securing the next trillion 
Developments in Russia's war with Ukraine: Russian troops dig trenches near Kyiv, US tries to draw Turkey into conflict
How about the  blockchain under this
Yes and that’s why doing a good research before investing is a good idea even though it’s not a guarantee. Let’s all be optimistic at this point
Its used its own Chain lotus Chain
As you know market is currently showing stability...
