Tottaly market behaviour unbalanced
Yeah but it is still too much down and not showing any remarkable improvement
But it is very good one coin 
If anyone wants to do investment in it than it is very good chance for then
Old investors are waiting recovery from very long time but it is not seemed to be possible
Long term investment is always better than short term
Yeah and it will take a long time for that mate
Which is not easy task to be done in short time
Sometimes our short term investment give us more positive results than long term investment if our luck with us
If it is not possible to hack to blockchain then countries are not regulating crypto currency
Those countries who are advanced and have technologies they know how to regulate crypto
XRP hits 13-month high versus Bitcoin with 35% daily surge — But is a correction inevitable?
What are you doing nowdays?
Exactly brother, we should face these conditions and should not lose hope
Yeah but for long term holding needed to have ability for every circumstances to faced
Hope so We will get Soon
Yes exacty
So  what are you focusing right now? Investing on projects? Or something else
Yeap 😎✨
Its up to nature for them to learn or not some still get lucky and still make more money from these scams
Intresting it seems much intresting story
Behind it
But unfortunately I missed
Don’t undererestimated the value 
Yah ecaxtly let's see now what our stake holder think about crypto
But one thing is sure that everyone want to get profit at this time
Ecaxtly as we have never seen any improvement in our assets from last few months now we don't want to wait more
Yes it gives us hope, but sometimes it becomes true so we can't say it always goes wrong
sometimes predictions proved right but most of the time it goes to opposite direction
Nowadays every prediction about crypto market is going wrong 
So we can't say anything
as many people are waiting from long time to recover 
their losses and this situation is giving confidence to those are holding from long time
Yeah buddy
From a long time i am much Curious to see the all improvement
Again we will see same value need to wait somedays brother
All traders want to see good changes in market in these days. They are facing loss form many time .to gain good profit from market,
This is what investorss are hoping for and inshallah the market is on the upswing now and will continue to do so
Everyone want to see some good change so that he will get some profit already they are getting loss
most governments are against crypto because you can't hide anything in the blockchain  Corruption will no longer be possible in blockchain
most countries are against its regulation,
Because there is no benefit to these people  there can be no corruption in it
Those country that have crypto regulated are governments without corruption and serve their people as i said
in blockchain corruption will no longer be possible
Yes its so difficult to do blockchain corruption more , because it is more secure
Blockchain technology is now on everywhere and almsot large amount of people using this
they sell a lot of NFTs, I see a lot of VCs and partners selling, most of them sold out INO slots
Oh INO, this is for sure. In the past, users were too profitable
Really, ROI okay?
At that time, I ran for 25 days to pay back, I waited for FIT to increase the price and sold it =)))
You know about Bitkeep wallet? Or not... If you know about it, please share.
What DeFi projects are you working on right now?
I'm pretty good, the market is not border me at all
I've been struggling with the market lately🤕
Heard of Tacen.
They're building various compliance friendly DeFi products like it's hybrid Dex
Lol.
Actually there's a steady rise in compliance and regulations friendly DeFi products
You should see DeSpace protocol. They are a DeFi and NFT protocol
You cannot improve your past，but you can improve your future。Once time is wasted，life is wasted
Market should not adopt such behaviour with the investment of the investment
Yeah let's see when it will run according to our attention
There is nothing instead of losses in the market
They cannot bear this for further more time
Yeah market is as such as it was in Feb
Exactly they all are worried about their investments
Many investors are fed up of by seeing such situations of Cryptocurrencies
Btc is not changing its values due to bad values
Many investors are disappointed due to market condition
Exactly that is why all investors are lossing hope and their patience is going to end
But when they don't get they feel bad about market
That's why investers are crying from the five month
We haven't seen any improvement in the Alts and Bitcoin and top coins from almost 4 months
We should visit the websites of project if we are interested to make investment in it
Yeah these are always helpful to know about these particular project also we can find the best one on twitter
Twitter is a good plateform for getting information about new launched projects as well as tokens
New projects are good to make investment as they give good profit in short time
New projects perform well in beginning and gave a lot of profit to their holders
We should try to get profit and did not invest again in this coins
We should try to investin different projects so that we can avoid from lost of our investment
Have friends from Iran or Turkey? I am planning to travel. Any good suggestions?
Now they are again in the waiting of down so that they invest...
Exactly market fluctuate in every moment... At one time up and next time down
And according to current situation it willl take long time to recover...
Many people now again in the waiting for fall of market.. So that they invest
People feel tireing from this situation... Where they only have loss instad of proift
exactly new investors are really in profit bexuse they invested when btc was low price
Totally against of their expectations and unpredictable situation
Yeah but they were hoping that increse btc but done oppsoite theier prediction
Exactly... New investors still in profit but old investors facing loss
And now again market showing down and their hopes again down
Investors are already depressed due to market situation
Yes this strategy helps to create a good balanced among investors
Exactly by this we can't get loss but get a good profit
Ecaxtly bro whole market depends a lot on btc
Let's see mate now when it will be good
Hope so buddy but I think now we have not to expect too much
When we see this type of condition of market then no one is able to get profit from their investment
Market is showing the same behavior as usual I mean in dip condition
Market is always too much uncertain and unpredictable
