They will be the center of the platform’s
Bay, the director of some of the highest-grossing blockbusters
So many of them lately
designed the AVAs as AR-native characters
world which will launch later this year
Jadu AVAs will be the robot avatars at the center of the company’s AR game
what is this all about?
I'm asking, it seems the guy don't know much About the project.
Just focus that fits you
11,111 total unique AVAs that will be available as NFT
and as playable 3D characters
Yeah,😂
You might don't know
It could be
Anyway, let's just ignore him.
You don't need to be. I'm sorry. 
What's your sentiment about the market?
Can be anywhere
i have nothing to say
We're seeing green market lately. I added xpress, iost, vet, pols when btc at $20k
Why? You don't trade or what?
Inovative
oh really
of course not hahahahaha
You might be adding quite a lot. Are you swing trading or day trading those assets?
I want to be one of the biggest bpx holders
You should have something to say then. I want to get your opinion about the market.
I stake them. I stake vet on binance and xpress powered by the albt tech
Everytime you come with this
Binance is good platform for trading
From my side
You sounded like one first. Forgive my manners but I'm just citing the obvious.
Cryptorious is just kidding around i gues
Long term approach I guess. I still have some vet. What do you get on the two
Yeah but I needed to tell him the truth
Vet for around 8% and xpress for over 100% apy but this will gradually decrease as more people are staking.
Thats good i guess it lot
Keep pretending
Yeah on binance sol and on freeway, ada and bnb. The apy on this assets is decent and fixed. Long term play for me
yes i m
We can just hope but market is not going to recovery brother
Where can I buy your tokens right now what is your current contract and how can I buy them??
Yea i invest in six different coins
Yes I think its gonna give An easy buy-hold-earn system that grows your portfolio in your wallet, fa
lol someone's just hypening his coin. your mind's horribly away.
Is one of the project with best interest staking
Yes provided no dumping
How can I look into it??
You're on to that too?
How can I get in ??
Fun and easy.... Please give the addres
It's a good project on the face value...I hope it worth my penny.
Kindly help me with the link, let's see what the dev team are up to.
I doubt this…but will try to check it out…Let me feed my doubt
well they not believe in what i am saying. that's why these people still loves BSC projects. doing the same shit
Yeah mate, with time this gonna expand
hahaha. the only token I know does that is the OUSD stablecoin
I mean just holding and seeing gains without doing anything
What's wrong with BSC projects tho?
Exactly 💯💯 it's better one's careful
What Utility does the token have?
Nice one…will run some background check on this.
Sure mate but everyone can't have
Not today but hope so end of day they will show
Yes. This can certainly happen. Paper hands have broken BTC.
But the best part is due to the dump they are getting eliminated
Besides Gamefi with pictures, is there any other nft portfolio to invest in?
sounds strange, is it a new project?
Hi, it appears  the layout of the official website has changed compared to what I saw few weeks ago
That's right buddy
And trading? cex or dex?
May I know the exchange
That's really great 👍
I really like the project development and how the team brings up ideas 💡
The ultimate goal of the dev team is to maximize the numerous opportunities this new tech has to offer.
Fine, have you tried Alpha?
of course I am. I am getting impatient actually. might join the Nitro Legion ambassador program just to past the time. lol
I think that is good. Plus there are good perks too
It's good that the bpx team always surprises us👍👍👍
Work hard to make money, not just for money v
lol improve shills.. what the fck is this lol/ atleast talk about utility or we ban?
You into Meme coins?
Coca-Cola today announced it will gift exclusive
digital collectibles to existing Coca-Cola NFT holders.
Ohh great
collectibles to their NFT holders.
Virtue, the agency by Vice, developed the initial concept.
Everyone who offers a sale, wants to buy it himself. We are not deceived🤣
Once the collector shares their NFT with a frien
Oh! I haven't played any game in a long tim
What market place?
I knew him
two unique NFTs will be released on the platform
fans will be able to order physical CDs
vinyl records with unique cover artwork
hand-signed posters, available exclusively on LimeWire.
Close to Home’ is Aitch’s debut album
Just the same way Kevin Smith launched is movie "killRoy was here" as NFT in the secret network
He is good artist
The collection has been completed
in collaboration with Soga World
One collection entails a physical copy of the new album
Quite interesting
And great to hear inovative projects
That was the first movie I know of that was launched as a NFT
Vinyl combined with a limited edition album cover
 the chance to win a variety of exclusive in-person benefits
The Limited Edition “Close To Home” album collection
consists of only 500 copies (250 CDs, 250 Vinyls),
The CD bundle is priced at $25
shipping included.
That's good rate
It's kind of good one
They are also leveraging all the benefits of Web3.
LimeWire interviewed Aitch on YouTube speaking about the NFT collection.
17 celebrities have been warned by ‘Truth in Advertising
the consumer watchdog group
It's new to me
and Tom Brady, among many others.
That created problem
That's big name
but they could potentially get involved if bad habits continue.
there has been no official involvement
from the FTC (Federal Trade Commission),
Are free to play games even rewarding?
of course. You will be rewarded when hold some NFTs too and if you're into a platform that provides real to it's users
NFTs are good to hold but I don't play free to earn games
I don't see them rewarding
I see. I love to play games. Are you holding some crypto?
I'm looking into NFTs a d privacy protocols
Do you mean tokens? I'm holding SCRT, ATOM, Metis, VRA Eth and a few others
Keep bpx as long as you can, apparently there is a good future ahead.
I'm looking to buy Anon V2 in the secret network
This Secret Network. I heard this everywhere
I got acquainted with bpx a few days ago and my next purchase is definitely bpx
No matter how far the future is, there are you and me on the way of growth
I'm looking to buy Anon V2 in the secret network
that's pretty cool to hear buddy
it was fine, I didn't check it a while now, because I'm focusing on NFTs that I currently doing research
I'm very excited to enter a bpx exchange and trade.
xcatly its a basic point in crypto world...Every good thing can take a huge time
Yeah we can sell them in million dollars if we are able to make a good nft.
If market will give loss for a complete year to investor then they will not invest again
They are depressed, disappointed from market behavior. But they can't treat market according to their wishes.
Exactly they have to run according to the market condition
I heard overall market showing down or..
Yeah btc is again going down and not showing any positive response
Yeah we were expecting that it will cross 50k but it is again down
Exactly it always go against our prediction
Yeah exactly, it is going against our expectations.
Exactly no one expecting it from Bitcoin
Exactly but no one is shower but will be next now
No, i have not checked yet.
Let's check it together
All are going down and showing negative behavior
Yeah almost whole market is down today , no improvement
If we see altcoins are at their bottom level mate
It's due to btc
Btc is down so if affect on mostly other coins. Mostly coins follow btc
Nope I'm not it's my favorite that's why everyone has its own thinking
Hi all, What do you think the market is like today?
Nowadays competition in market is very high
I think pump, BTC 50k soon
when the market recovers, I think there will be a lot of development platform
including BSCSstation
yes, a recovering market is a condition for projects to thrive, especially lauchpad platforms
i'm investing in BSCS, it's pretty cool, it's a multi ido platform
Soon it will have a lot of trending IDO projects
I know about BSCS, it's a great platform, already very popular. What IDOs are coming soon?
Nowadays competition in market is very high
IDO Antmos, this is a good project, I think it will develop, and bring profits to investors
the team is very strong, it is building methodically
BSCSstation's raise is pretty high, I'll participate in
If so, that's great, I remember I used to profit from IDO on BSCS with ROI x30 IDO price
Hopefully we'll see some good changes in the upcoming days 
Because situation is pathetic and are not suitable to business so everyone is afraid of this type of situation
Hopefully but situation keep on going against our predictions
Infact in nfts skills are required we can make our own nft and can sell them and this is how we can get a good profit
They are depressed, disappointed from market behavior. But they can't treat market according to their wishes.
Exactly they have to run according to the market condition
I heard overall market showing down or..
Yeah btc is again going down and not showing any positive response
Yeah we were expecting that it will cross 50k but it is again down
Exactly it always go against our predictions
Yeah exactly, it is going against our expectations.
Exactly no one expecting it from Bitcoin
Exactly but no one is shower but will be next now
yeah Metaisland mate is a multiplayer metaverse GameFi project taking place in a tropical island reminiscent of the series LOST
really? what the gameplay?
It's great
Dets not what if, He knows u very well. I know who you are ser
gameplay? well if you're familiar with ROS that's the gameplay looks like mate
yeah you heard it right buddy, anyway how about you?
what did you find mate
But it's not that type
And revv racing
Yes you can check on websit
are they live yet?
It's on the google
Which project is this
