We get lot of information in the session so be ready
Looking like No improvement in the market.
Yoy know when you make group  with me i convince him easily because  i had lots of experience ..
I'm with you brother.  If you ever think of increasing my payment, please give it to me, brother.
you are always by my side, this is what I want. And help me.
I am fine but I think market is going goo
I did investment and I am getting full loss
good
You have made investment in good coins 
Hope you will soon Recover your loss
Yeah but my loss is getting increasing
It's due to market mate
Soon we will see Bullish market
Yeah and the war played a vital role in it.
America is motivating both countries to keep going their war
Because America do not want that this war issue can resolve
How all investors have happiness due to some good condition
Yup dude
If bitcoin stable there
We shall see more gain
In price of every coin
Thats pretty cool for new users 😎
Likewise buddy, the Kickstarter, deposit event are worth considering/joining also. The rewards are almost free.
Now that she have heard already about the exchange. We have to congratulate her for her upcoming rewards.
I usually join these events too.
I'm pretty sure you have been rewarded a couple of times already buddy
Congratulations! Welcome to mexc. Be sure to check out the events. 🙂🙂🙂
Lady luck may have smiled on me once or twice already. I look forward to more mexc events. Goodluck everyone. 🙂🙂
What's going on here?
Can you give your referral code too? Im thinking to 
Goodluck to you too, may the crypto gods be on our side 😆
Whats up mate?
Looking for new alts to inves
you should mate, you're missing a lot of winning opportunities already
What do you have in mind?
Some meme coin or defi coin
I will judging by how confident you are with the exchange. I am loving mexc too. Thanks for all the help
No problem mate, I'll send you a dm. I'll  run you through the app
Heard about mexc does it have any ongoing event
All coins especially stable coin
Oh good nowadays which coin you think that in stable condition?
Yeah in this month we will not see any good result from it
Yes i know that brother
Probably we might towards the month end
We can just hope but market is not going to recovery brother
Good! Anyhow we should not invest in this bad condition of the market, we should wait
But this is good time for make Investment as you can see now market bis moving somehow better today
Have you done ur investment in this condition of market 
If yes How its going ur profit ?
It is a good time to invest if market continues to rise, you should invest now
Mostly it happens !
But these are the parts of the Cryptocurrencies
t's beauty of crypto Wolf 
Raise and fall comes in wolf.
Of course brother. But by seeing current situation of market, I am talking about only profit yet
You are right these days are good for the investment 
Market is still giving us a cahnce to invest
Yeah If we make investment right now then Definitely we can earn awesome profit in upcoming days
These are the best days for investment as market is showing some stability from last some days !
Yes
Some time analysis also goes to against the Market
Infact now a days all investors are waiting to recover back their essets as their essets are totally in dips in these days
If you have good skill right now you can earn good profit everyday without doing any special task are special
In digital marketing if you have good skill you able to get good profit from your service to different peoples
Yeah exactly as you can see that for making nfts we need graphic design skills
But if this time Merket will grow than it will break all the record's
The weekend is coming to an end again, so annoying
I also like this coin....
As it never be stuck at same point
Yeah mate, and I think its nog depends on Bitcoin because Bitcoin is stucked but bnb continusly moving
Actually bnb is not too much dependent on Bitcoin directly
You might wanna try the games from gamifi.
They have timeraiders and gami.
They also have mini-games in their web as well.
Heard about timeraiders
Each winner has a beginning. The courage to start will find success.
you invest in gamefi project bro?
Yeah I've been invested in some gamefi projects for a while
But recently I cant find any good ones bro
recently I found a new gamefi project called MetaDoge
You create your own stable with NFT horses. They have lots of hourly events so you won't get bored.
theres a lot of p2e games in the market. You can collect and invest on them depending on the choice of game platform
Whats going guys?
I like p2e and m2e can let me know more about project!
I have real horses but i want to bring the horse racing experience in the digital world.
What brings you here? 😊
Hi abbey! We're talking about p2e games. 😎
Nice. You own horses irl? Do you also take them to the horse racing tracks?
That's great is it new p2e game let me know more about horses racing.
I'm also new to the game. I'm still familiarizing myself with the game.
Can we go back, im interested on it. If ever im into the game, can i sell or trade the steed
Where did you hear about this game let me find more details.
No, but i breed horses. Speaking of p2e horse racing can you also breed horses in the game
A friend introduced me to the game. You can check out zed run. They also have their own token. I think it's already listed on mexc.
 are into horses as well. Ever heard of zed run too, i get the feeling they are talking about zed.run
 I think there is a feature ingame where you can breed your own horses. I'm still new. I already spent a good chunk of my day looking at nft horses. I haven't participated in a single race yet.
Ooh, you guys taking about zed. Yeah, I'm already holder any new think is there for zed holders then let me know.
sweet! there is an hourly event for horse racing. How often do you participate?
do you know except mexc where zed is available?
check it out at cmc. You can see the markets that trade $ZED.
Mainly Mexc, other includes sushiswap, bitmart, coinw and openocean
No i didn't join event which event is that?
Okay no problem.
I will checked out mate thanks 😊
zed hosts a racing events. So you if you have a good contender horse, you can bet a horse
But where this event is going ?
I'm more interested in the horse nfts than the racing itself. $zed itself is bullish. Can't go wrong with horse racing.
They have hourly events. You'll be entertained for hours
Let me know requirements and where this event is going?
Check out opensea if you plan on buying/selling horses.
Opensea is very expensive i dont have enough capital. Any other marketplace you can suggest
yup. zed run is always playing an hourly game event. you can also join tourna if you would like
Isn't zed like pegaxy?
I heard that zed deposit event is going on mexcglobal
You can try hawku. It's also a trusted secondary marketplace for zedrun. Check out their horses. I've been staring at my screen for a few hours already. Mainly looking at nft horses.
If ever i won the game what will i suppose to do with my tokens? Are there more any event with $Zed
I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I can participate in the event.
u can
Saw it on twitter what was the prize pool again? And how are we gonna join?
i'm not sure about that. I'm only buying zed directly at sushiswap
You do you buddy. Buy more horses for your stable i suppose. The more the merrier. 😁😁😁
Participater can be earned. Freely 1,000 mx tokens
I already check the hawku site. What do you think is the beginner's choice for horse racing
Ah alright, thats a good amount. I hear zed has been around for a year now
if you are looking into zed event, they always have an hourly race event for you to stake, bet and participate.
Then you can deposit in mexc account you can grab free $mx tokens and also is listed on mexcglobal you can also buy from here 😀
more or less I guess. I;ve been with them few months back only. How did you learn about zed
Yeah, it's good way to earn good money without any risk
cool thanks. I'd take a look at mexc. heard a good reviews about this exchange
I was looking into P2E games, then I saw an article about Zed on the new york times
Zed have app mate or holder have to bet tho they site?
Yup. The project is good, zed is having a daily tournament and the prizes at stake are huge amount
I'm not an experienced horse racer myself. I'd probably go for the cheapest first. Check out the property of each horse. You might get lucky and find yourself a rare one
Of course, is a good cex mate they got asian best crypto exchange award in dubai.
Or if you want to make money you can then stud your horses
I can attest to that, I have been using the exchange for a few months already and I havent had any problems with it.
😮 you saw on New York Times wow thats mazing
Can you point me in the direction of this article?
i guess zed is venturing more on big exchanges since they made it to new york time mag
The article was about Digital Horse racing is was published Taylor Lorenz last May 2021 and it was updated recently same month this year
you can use it in a mobile app or in a computer. All you need to create an account and link your metamask
Even if any users had a problem then mexc supporter solve problems quickly they don't take much time I like it that 😉
well if you are breeder, you can get two low Z value of horses and produce a rare one.
Thats amazing achievement for zed team👏
Developers made a brilliant project in Zed. Its already made noise last pandemic since horse racing events are closed due to restriction
I can only invest one. I will try if its worth investing and feels like in the realworld.
Nice one. This feature is perfect for wifestealer who is a horse breeder irl.
True, crypto enthusiasts are rushing to snap up digital horses. I once saw a player sold a stable full of horses at 252,000 usd.
Okay they have app thats great thing for users and Easy to bet and may be many more futures are there.
Its on Mexc already buddy
When market is down everyone wants to get some space and break from the market so that their losses will recover
It is totally down in these days so it can take a long time to recover infact.
Thats crazy how Harmony lost s much money.. i bet HacklessAnn could easily prevent that from happening
It's on mexc. I cannot say for sure about the others since i only use mexc.
I already deposit zed worth of 80 usdt what about you?
Yeah, but its game Alter Genesis is in open alpha. You can still have a try.
it's token is now live on uniswap and quickswap.
Haha Truly we are moving towards digital world since NFTS now are the future of digital artwork. Gone are the old times where we collect paintings and etc.
Nice! I will to check this one since I am also looking for a good project. ☺️
Yeah it could be goes every side
Exactly as now market is down
I'm moving my assets already, I did move for a total of 60 usdt I think
wow! that's something else worth for grabs. I dont have an mexc account though. can i still join without going through the kyc process?
The idea is to take players to a future in which digital horse racing has become the world’s largest sport and “the beating heart behind everything you do
This is right time to invest in the market mate
That's great good luck mate let earn free 1000 $Mx tokens
We just need to be more optimistic
Exactly mate !! We're hopeful for some quality improvement and good days of market
I always heard about that mexc, i think i need to DYOR on it. Does it have any events right now?
Shib is not a good coin,it doesn't change its values
If we invest at this time then we earn some awesome profit in upcoming days
I'm afraid you cant. You cant maximize the app without going through Kyc. Its not a problem since its very quick
There are a lot buddy. Its being held simultaneously, we have a variety of events and the rewards are good also. You should check it mate.
i see. i will give it a go and sign up with mexc. Downloading the app now
I agree
Mexc has plenty of events currently. I'm always looking out for their mday events.
Ooh you didn't join mexc yet that's sed you missed lot of things mate 😉
If you guys want 10% discount in your trades, dont hesitate to DM me I can give you my referral code.
Thats pretty cool 
Likewise buddy, the Kickstarter, deposit event are worth considering/joining also. The rewards are almost free.
Yah I think so bcz it's not on peak value those who invest in peak days
But there is no right predictions about next move of market
Ecaxtly bro it's a part of market condition we have to face that condition
Hope so it will bot dip again as we are now very near to gain profit.
Because keep in mind both options of loss and profit
Hopefully it'll cross this barrier but seems difficult
Yeah currently its very difficult to cross the barrier... lets see what happend nex
Yes mate because already markeet going too much worst
Yeah buddy i am here from last September 
From end to November markeet going much opposite
BTC rises up to all time high during these days.
Exactly we should not sell our assets in loss
I think so
how was your day
The principle of profit is to maintain the stability and continuity of profit, not a strategy of maximization
Exactly brother, because invest blindly results in lo
It's good
I have invested in Ftm
And still showing patience and hold my coin..
Exactly they want to be safe there investment from any hacker
