Totally agree with you , just we need to give time to understand things
I will surely do my analysis, you can share some of the good projects
Also need to guard against all kinds of scams, guys
That's why i always put money in large cap coin
I can suggest
But please dyor before putting your money
Yup i prefer it more than trading😅
according to bscstation, The SPUMEio Extended Round will be in First come, First served format for their community,
Some clues and news, then consider options for next steps in this market
I will surely do my analysis, you can share some of the good projects
Also need to guard against all kinds of scams, guys
That's why i always put money in large cap coin
I can suggest
But please dyor before putting your money
Yup i prefer it more than trading😅
I know so much, I ca  talk you to it if you send a dm
This is great, always need a good information to take the next step
Personally, i stake sometimes but have not too much experience of this
I'm currently collecting, I haven't found it yet😀
No verification at all 😅
But you can not trade in future on it like other exchanges
yeah
That's why I like more pancake swap 😂😂😂they need less verification and process started soon
Every successful person has a beginning. Dare to start, to find the way to success
Just connect your wallet and start trading. And wallet gets connected with just one click
That's good.
But i don't know much about pancakeswap.
Pancake swap is an exchange mate like binance
Yeah bro
After very long time they got this price again
Hope so they not stop at this place
And keep going on
Yeah bro but we can't fo anything instead of seeing this
became everyone facing a lot loss from their investment because of a bearish time
No one knows when will this time will be end and when the investors will get profit
Yes bro but now looking like that market is now going in good way and hope so this will not stop
Now market is running with excellent value
Yeah a little slow but
I think something is better than nothing
What do you mean by the blank page
That's the reason that's why mostly investors facing deficits
I think this is the reason that's why investors are facing losses
Yes mate but sometime lucks gave you good profit infect you don't have enough information about that work
Exactly that's it 
But if someone wanna invest so they should having proper knowledge about analysis
Agree mate but everyone not have enough time to get knowledge about anything and they just invest and face loss
About my investment it's all in worst still am facing in losing
Yeah exactly 
But from long time we have been waiting for that time but still the situation is appears dark
And all others investors facing much loss... And also still facing
Yeah really but it's not enough bro wanna seeing the breaking of barrier
Wao its really a good change in btc value
Maybe they crossed to this In the night
wishes of all investors wilk be fulfil soon
Yeah bro but we can't do anything instead of seeing this
Yeah exactly but let see that it's break the resistance or not
Yeah but this is good from last few month
Yeah mate will and also in other tokkens
What says technical analysis have you checked
This value of btc will gives good profit to some investors
What steps have they taken so far to make a positive change
Do you also know about Cyberium
What project is this?
This is a gamefi project in the pool genre
What's so special about this project?
Cryptocurrencies are starting to slowly recover, a good thing🤣🤣
I think this project does a great job in terms of graphics
The number of users in the project's community groups is also very large, they interact very wel
What about the ROI of this project?
Cyberium is also hosting an esports tournament
Please give me the tele link of the projec
Choice outweighs effort, so every choice matters.
Hopefully we will see good changes in upcoming days
Exactly brother, but this is little bit down, maybe it will go up in next moment
Yah may be everything is possible mate
And intresting is that UK authority will gives some posting jobs to the investorss of crypto markeet
Yah they want to control the whole situation mate
Exactly 
That's why they are taking this grand step for thier nation
Yah lets see next what they take steps
Yeah 
But they are clever they will take some steps soo clarity
Yh ecaxtly they are doing much work on that.
Let see mate what next step they took
No, I don't know about it.
What is this ?
Kindly share
Bro me also not know about it
I just read 
And asked here
all any positive 8chnge in the market?
Becaus my first experience was very bad...and i have lost my all investment
I was once rugged by a project that i bought last year
Yes man but unfortunately it's very bad sign
Hey, how are you doing here! Have you heard smth about last collaboration between technology companies?
Well, like you said, it's just recovery
there will be some chopping around
we should understand that tbe bull run doesn't start 5 mins after the bear market
How do you earn passively on the metaverse? Just curious.
Maybe using his property
Advertising/ Creating business et
That sounds interesting
You mean owning a property in the metaverse? how do they earn on that?
Like you have a land, you can use this land to whatever you want which your metaverse allows you to do
You can do advertisement on your land, throw party or concert there, create your own business there
I see. Is this decentraland?
There are a lot them available now. Decentraland is obviously one of them
I think I need to dig into this
there certainly is a lot of opportunities with what you just mentioned
Altho, hodling MANA myself, but the decentraland isn't a platform I have used myself
Of course. Best wishes for your metaverse journey. Also don’t forget to share with us. We will love to hear from you
That’s great, we will be waiting
Currently i have matic ada and thinking to add trx
Bro currently getting little bit profit because my entry at good time
That’s good, wait for some time and you will earn more 
Because of this panic situation people are not ready to invest..
And number of people who are interested in nfts projects now increse
Yeah trend changes with time...
There's always something wonderful in life, there's always surprises Thanks for my project I got a good income again
Exactly... as newly investors who invested in October after their investment they facing l00s
Bnb eth and btc these coins are on top... And have good prices
Yeah and some alt coins also starts showing some upwards change in their pieces
Bnb eth and btc these coins are on top... And have good prices
Wao good change in bnb coin... 
Any idea about eth coin?
Yeah and some alt coins also starts showing some upwards change in their piece
Just about today's market and btc
Not today i guess tomorrow will b
Ok then 😂
Patience is needed now
And we should try something new too. Trading coins is now something that is getting old.
Exactly brother always try for something new and interesting
As now people moving towards gaming and nfts projects
I am thinking to invest in one of the gaming project. They attracted me much.
Yes you heard right, the game I am thinking to invest in is offering nfts too, as well as tokens of their projects.
But how one can invest in gameing projects.. 
Because gameing projects are only for playing?
Keep on going never give up.
Suffering is the most powerful teacher of life
And I am not the only one who is suffering
Yeah because nowadays mostly projects come in market which is having no base and security that's why they failed in few days
A friend told me about $zed. I'm always interested about gaming.
Sire moslty projects are coming in the market depend upon nft based & gaming projects
Yeah because gaming project has the features of play to earn.Just play the game and earn money.
That's why they are different then others because we can play as well as can enjoy
Yeah and these projects are having its own token such as slp is also a metaverse gaming token
Mecavers based projects are risimgvday by day and many people Like these and attract to these
I think its good time to do invesment becuse we know that we can earn huge money after stability of bitcoin
I invested raca lasso orica and many others but all of them am in deficits too much
what kind of games are you into?
Hi, I'm single and looking for a partner
Exactly nft trending and everyone want to get info about it and some are taking interest now
abut also the selling of nfts as difficult to sell on opensea or other websites it's depends on luck too
Recently i invested in luna classic when it was totally crashed so luna management gave me two coins of new luna token
You should check out zed run. A p2e horse racing game. I'm new to the game myself. I find NFTs interesting. Using NFT horses for racing is a new experience for me.
If investors increase than my be market will go up
Do you really think that investors can invest more in the situation?
Especially in this year we haven't not seen any good changes in alts but let see what will  happen next with alts
I play rpg games but now im bored. Do anyone cares who knows where i can play and win tokens at the same time?
Horse racing? How doest it work?
New investors are in better condition as compared to old investors
Exactly but they are recovery is small as compared to their loss
Exactly there is too much improvement needed to get profilt
Yeah everyone need to attend bro so that they will gather some information about the project
this is necessary thing . we should take a part in this
Yeah we can take part and ask a question releated to the project
guest always try to clear all quries
BNB I did not invest in it, I only invest in BTC ETH
Market still showing down as morning
Ohh really sad my token is also very dumped
Exacttly mate we all are feeling boring
Soon it will be update here bro
Stay tuned
Career is the link that connects us. May our career flourish and the flowers of friendship bloom!
Exactly what everybody want
I mean thats the point we work all day
Thats why you have to be motivated all day and grind all night too 💥
Yeah alhumdullialah all things are going to good
There is no remarkable change in market condition
I think this is too much.
Kindly review.
Good-looking skins are the same, and interesting souls are one in a thousand.
Yeah in the current situation everyone have facing like same issue 
No one has profitable situation but we have need to hold
Yeah it can take much time to recover but we should always be active to face every type of situation
I'm also good ...
Just come here to get updates about market
Yeah hope so soon it will rise but it may go down more as nothing can be say with suriety about anything
invite you to sign up for zenme project beta testnet get free nft.
Bro are you doing trading or no
No buddy i am not investor at current time
Yeapp that's the main thing which attract many user
Still showing same condition no improvement appears in my assets
You can refer to a tweet from mexc 
And if you need more help then feel free to ask😁
It's coming on mexc, but stake early to get good apy😅
Yup staking event will go live within less than a hour 😁😁
Back then we were new to crypto, growing up like a kid, lol
But maybe it would be nice to have it in the wallet some way
There is a good opportunity to make some good profit
