Investing is not just an act, but a philosophical thing!
Let’s see what the Merge would do.
Hmmm so you're saying users can expect lower gas right?
I'm also in position 🙂
Let's see how it will all go, September 15th is here already
It's tough to predict the date of the merge
I think it’s can help reduce the gas lol I hope so though 😅
It’s was said to happen in September but no fixed date yet.
Hehehe maybe in the next 5 years we'll know where we're headed with that story.
Lol 🤣. Is that what you think?
Yeah, the low energy consumption of POS guarantees a low fee
The issue with gas on Ethereum is just something else I'll really appreciate if it did.
I don't think so
Bro not even capping now... Simply q(whenever)🙂
Let’s see how it goes. Eth gas can be a pain in the ass sometimes.
The Ethereum tools completed the upgrade successfully
Nothing much ser
What more do you expect?
Lol. Well with time we’ll know. It’s one of those things I’m anticipating to see before eoy alongs side a few other things like holoride NFT VR tech official launch.
I saw the date earlierr
Really when is that. I saw 6th or 16th of September can’t remember but I don’t think that’s the right ones
NativeFinance, multi-chain financial hub
Web Swap is live Swap + Wallet, exchange, bridge and play!NativeFinance1
Let's hope for it budd
there's so much expectations on Eth merge I hope it goes as planned. What's holoride? Sounds new though.
Finger crossed on that
much buzz on it. That some T.A thinks it can flip Btc 😅
Lol I don't see that happening. It can x2 eth most like but flip btc lol not possible
It’s an NFT VR gaming project built for an entertaining in-car rides for passengers in an automobile.
Can’t wait to see that. They’re are also in Partnership with holoride.
Nice. What other partners they got
Well let's hope for the best. I'm tired of seeing this shiity PF of mine 🙂
I'm currently pumped about the Ethereum merge I feel it's going to do projects on the chain well
Same here been staking it too. Let’s see what happens after the merge maybe ETH can rally back to it ATH
Especially the likes of Origin protocol and spool that are currently on the Ethereum network and  ORE Network which provides its identity and assets management solutions on the chain.
Well we can only hope and expect this to happen....steady does it.
Would be a good one if disappoinment ends all of this... The hype on the merge is really loud.
Let’s see how it goes erc project should do well too since the merge will be helpful to them too.
I don't know about this last project you mentioned here
Then check out polke
That's ORE Network bud, an assets management and identity protocol as I've mentioned above
It's basically aids users with the best of identity security across multiple chains of which Ethereum is one of.
Hold till market pump
I'm waiting for that only
?
You don't have to worry because there is a participation reward tho
The main profit in the long run is always much higher. So keep bpx
Yes, I know. I simply want to push in some way because it is still a limited offer
ahh I see well true that, the campaign still a way to get more CHMB tho..  well then goodluck to you
maybe, but not much whales for sure on the run😂
I buy BPX as always, this is amazing
People who know bpx know what a great investment opportunity it is.
Who can tell me the btc situation today
The bpx team has a lot of services, you can check for yourself, it's really amazing.
is there any aml screening tool that i can use to check some adresses? smells like i rlly need to)
ohh same. more on web3games this time.. Im trying out Taunt
Is that a combat game
The metaverse campus will also host The metaverse campus comes as anbeffort from Hong Kong Universit
I heard that bpx is also looking to be listed in top exchanges.
I believe Japan is doing the same thing. They are offering courses for engineering in Metaverse.
is that so? I think that is truly innovative
Yes. I think more and more countries are doing that
web3 is indeed the future
With that, nft metaverse games are becoming popula
i agree with you on that. Funny how most of them resembles the childhood games we used to play.
I know. Much just like Nitro League and how it is like need for sspees
Hey I know about that. been eyeing that game for a while now.
I want to find some games with medium captital
So you can tell me more about MetaSpets. Maybe about gameplay or anything ?
In terms of specific gameplay, you will arrange your pets into a specific formation that you find reasonable and let them fight on their own
Listening to you ,I can imagine how to pla
Oh good
 nowadays which coin you think that in stable condition?
Yes i know that brother
Probably we might towards the month end
We can just hope but market is not going to recovery brother
All coins especially stable coin
I thought as much, I mean nothing is free anywhere
Unfortunately someone is always at the receiving end
Yeah but Karma will serve them soon
Not sure they believe in tha
Yeah, those guys thinks we are newbies
Yeah, this one is obviou
They may not believe on that but time will come, life will punish them.
Very much.
I can't agree more, even trading wise and privacy protocols like railgun, dash, monero and secret offer good leverage against scams, hack and exploits
Yeah but they don't want to follow the hard way.
I'm not familiar with railgun.
I know how monero, dash and SCRT operate.
Anyway, life will punish them soon. I'll just do what is safe and legit to me. I stake on Freeway and I like the daily rewards I ge
A staking platform? 
I'm skeptical of those platform.
It seems the privacy sector is really advancing. So with payment system, I like that of xpress in this regarrd
Daily reward like autocompounding?
It has correlation
How fungible is it interms of traceability and does it use zksnark?
It's more than a staking platform. It's an asset management platform bridging cefi and defi
Railgun is more advanced, not token gated and doesn't requires bridging of asset, I just have to connect to their webapp and do my defi stuffs like swapping of tokens with just few clicks
More like cedefi right
Like we can trade on nfts privately?
Have they started burning?
No but they have stated and it may likely start anytime. I expect their debit card to roll out soon
You can compound it again if you want your rewards to be added in your staking balance.
Which of this products is usable at the moment?
On every of their staking program
Yeah, as what I said above and they already released their report performance on their source of revenue as requested by the members
Does that mean it is cheap as compared to others?
Iam, fine
Yeah, the NFT integration on the platform is in progress though
But you can customize it?
Yeah, because you don't need to hold their token before you can use this platform
Trading and payment solution for the time being. Hopefully the rest will follow suite. They are working with the likes of Travala and bitrefill on their payment system.
Yeah on their available staking assets. For now, they got 11 as they just added the AUD fiat.
Ofcourse, you can choose to maintain public balance if you want as well
Visa or master card
Okay, which assets do you have staked there and what's the return like?
Don't know which to roll ou
Okay, it sounds more advance
I'm not sure if it's the same as the one I have staked on
I see, in that way, people are comfortable enough.
43% fixed for stable and 20% for ada.
Okay but this adds traction already
I will check but it's just too high
Don't me.
Make sense, they focus on staking program alone
For sure.
Yeah that's the reason 
I read the article about metaverse , it was an amazing
Yes i know that brother
Yeah in this month we will not see any good result from it
Probably we might towards the month end
We can just hope but market is not going to recovery brother
Is your project  a community  only for English  speaking  an countries  or for users  not of other languages ?
Where can I buy your tokens right now what is your current contract and how can I buy them??
And now you can share anything about your project here.
you are better off with a project with potentials
What's wrong with BSC projects tho?
Exactly 💯💯 it's better one's careful
What Utility does the token have?
Nice one…will run some background check on this
Sure mate but everyone can't have
Hmm but don’t miss this
Yeah but everyone not have this kind of things
I think it's a good idea to have a community for this
Not today but hope so end of day they will show
Yes. This can certainly happen. Paper hands have broken BTC.
But the best part is due to the dump they are getting eliminated
LBesides Gamefi with pictures, is there any other nft portfolio to invest in
sounds strange, is it a new project?
Think so every coin is relying on btc now a day
Hope so btc pumps soon
Yes. When it pumps others follows it
That’s what we all are waiting for
We know that Alexandria is the game changer for radix to perform in this defi space
Exactly at that time they are not ready for investment
Cryptocurrencies are starting to slowly recover, a good thing🤣🤣
What about the ROI of this project?
You write Cyberium-Sport Metaverse
Please give me the tele link of the project
Cyberium is also hosting an esports tournament
Yah may be everything is possible mate
Yah they want to control the whole situation mate
Yah lets see next what they take steps
exactly
That's why they are taking this grand step for thier nation
No, I don't know about it.
What is this ?Kindly share
The last phase of goerlli testnet has been successfully upgraded to POS
Not adding much considering the current. I'm in for ETH and SCRT for no
I did hear it will go live on testnet by September 15 tho, speaking of the Ethereum merge now
I'm also holding a good bag of Ethereum, adding it some solid low caps on the side.
What's the second token you mentioned here if I may ask
The Ethereum tools has be upgraded to POS before the merge
Oh the tools have been upgraded already? Didn't know about that. Cool.
So we're just expecting the merge for the chain itself right?
Its the ticker of secret Network, a layer 1 blockchain built on cosmos with a focus on Privacy and end-to-end encryption of data not found in traditional Blockchain
What low caps
Yeah, all  is set atm
Is SCRT listed?
The list is quite long haha but Im currently bullish on these two, XRD and RAIL, especially the last one because of it's privacy utility
Like bringing privacy to public by default chains like Ethereum? Nice one.
Now that's good news, let's just wait to see how the merge will aid the chain generally
I guess it is unless it's a new project...🤔 Or have you heard of it before
Listed on Binance, Huobi, MEXC, gate io, braken etc
I already shared the two I'm most bullish on which are XRD and RAIL, XRD is the token for Radix a Blockchain while RAIL is the token for Railgun a multichain privacy protocol 🙂
What's the low cap
You can check it out
Investing is both a sport and entertainment for me
Railgun though because of it's dope privacy utility for DeFi, I can use it as a shield on my transactions as I interact with my preferred DeFi platforms.
I just shared buddy,I don't want to type the message all over again to avoid spam
Let's keep our fingers crossed  man
 lots of earning opportunities, just gotta choose what works best for you
 Have a great weekend, how was your day
Just DeFi transactions?
Not just that but also privacy swaps as you can enjoy that with their Railway wallet which is currently live on web
Aside the private swaps , the Railway wallet also aids shielded balance and you can store your crypto more securely
Yeah I'm already doing that, let's hope for the best for every project on Ethereum shall we
It's just sad the merge aint going to fix the issue of gas fees
Seems Vitalik hasn't been able to crack the code on the solution to high gas
Maybe the Ethereum 2.0 will be what we've all been waiting for... Just that we don't know how long the wait will be
